♪
(Kari)
Hey, Yuma, the final round of
the World Duel Carnival
is today!
They started the fireworks.
It looks like
they're getting underway!
And you're gonna sleep
right through it!
Do you hear me?
You better
bust a move, mister!
Where is he?
Grandma!
Do you know
where Yuma is?
Yuma isn't here, dear.
He was so worried about being
late for the start of
the Carnival Finals,
he decided to camp out in front
of Heartland all night.
Yuma certainly
does duel with heart.
I just wish he used
some brains, too.
I'm sure Yuma
will make us all very proud.
Or at least not embarrass
us too badly.
I'm just happy he's gone
so I can clean his room.
What a slob.
(man)
... to become
the World Dueling Champion!
♪
(boy)
So awesome!
I can't wait!
(snoring)
Ahh!
What the huh?
Don't tell me you
camped here all night, Yuma.
Sorry, Mrs. Klumpky.
Did I doze through
class again?
Yuma's only
half awake, guys.
You may be right, Flip,
but I can't tell
which half's awake.
He was cat napping.
Shake those cobwebs
out of your head!
You're right
outside Heartland!
The World Duel
Carnival finals
are gonna get underway
any minute now!
Ahh, Duel Carnival finals?
Yeah!
I'm duelin' with
the big dogs!
Let's just hope
you don't bite off
more than you
can chew.
I figured if I slept
in front of the entrance,
you guys would see me
and wake me.
If your dueling
strategy is that lame,
you'll be the first one
eliminated!
Yuma, you better hurry
'cause they're
kickin' off the finals
any minute now!
(Yuma)
That's right!
Get moving, you guys,
you're making me late!
And you're making
me angry!
♪
♪ If life is a game
they say I can't win ♪
♪ I'll never amount
to nothing ♪
♪ Tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid ♪
♪ To challenge myself ♪
♪ They won't ever
break my fire ♪
♪ My dreams won't die ♪
♪ If I high-five the sky ♪
♪ Spread my wings ♪
♪ Takeoff
it's time to fly ♪
♪ Take a chance to make it
all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ Take a chance believe ♪
♪ Nothing will
bring me down ♪
♪ No retreat when I leave
all my fears behind ♪
♪ My future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ Take a chance and chase
my doubts away ♪
♪ Believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
♪ Take a chance
to make it all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance forgetting
yesterday ♪
♪ Take a breath
my heart will lead the way ♪
♪ Take a chance I'll take
a chance today ♪
♪
Whoa...
Jumpin' jumbo jets!
This place is
humongo-normous!
Check out all those
video screens!
This is a couch potatoes
dream come true!
No way!
This place is almost big enough
to fit all my fans inside!
I must say,
this is one of the most
over-the-top field spells
I have ever seen.
It's real,
not virtual!
And pretty soon I'll be
competing here for real!
♪
Hello, dueling fans!
Welcome,
ladies and gentlemen,
to the World Duel Carnival
Finals!
We'll start with
the Skyscape Section!
The duels will be held
all across the city
with the aid of
the Duel Coaster!
The Duel Coaster?
Yeah, it's a first!
You have to win duels while
riding the roller coaster!
How would that work?
I ain't got the slightest,
but it sounds super cool!
Are you ready to
roll, Yuma?
You bet!
I'm ready for anything!
Whatever happens, I'm just gonna
have fun and feel the flow!
That's great,
but shouldn't you be feeling
the flow down there?
Ahh!
Bye, Yuma!
Good luck!
Oh yeah, I'm gonna
high-five the sky!
(Mr. Heartland)
It's the moment you
duel devotees
have been waiting for!
Our 23 finalists are ready to
use all their knowledge
and skills in the ultimate
test of dueling agility!
But only one
of them will emerge
as our first World Duel
champion ever!
(cheers and applause)
♪
Whoa!
That Duel Coaster looks like
the most awesome thrill machine
of all time!
(Dextra)
That's not some kiddie coaster
in an amusement park.
It'll be the riskiest
ride you ever took.
Dextra!
You're here?
She's right,
that coaster is dangerous.
All the duelists on board
are gonna be
playing for keeps.
For keeps?
So...
you up for
the challenge?
I'm ready
for anything!
(cheers and applause)
Hey, it's Quattro!
He's a living,
breathing dream!
♪
Please, Master Kite.
Promise me you'll be
careful today!
Now, Orbital,
freeze time
immediately.
Ahh...
I need to find out which
duelists have Numbers.
But that could
give away everything!
What those with Numbers learn
about each other this way?
0.1 seconds
will be enough.
Do it, Orbital!
Okay,
you're the boss!
♪
Temporal stasis
field complete!
Now I can ID
all the Numbers here.
Got 'em!
♪
What was that?
See, I told you
they'd notice!
Scram or I'll have
your memory wiped.
Ahh!
You don't have to
threaten me twice!
Ta-ta!
It's so cool!
These really are the greatest
duelists in the world!
I can't wait
to defeat 'em all!
(Astral)
Remember, we will be
facing many
unfamiliar opponents
whose style and tactics
we know nothing about.
During our duels,
we must be prepared
for anything.
Why should we be
worrying?
They're the one's
that gotta duel me!
♪
There's our
unsuspecting prey.
So you want to hire
the Triad of Terror?
I assure you.
Money is no
object for us.
Name any price you wish
and it's yours.
So, who's the target?
A boy
named Yuma Tsukumo.
(chuckling)
(laughing)
Together at last!
The world's
greatest duelists!
With all of their precious
Numbers ready for Kite
to take
and bring to me!
(laughing maniacally)
Now, the moment we've all been
waiting for is here!
Finalists, take your
places in the Coaster Cars!
♪
Link your Duel Tabs to the
central coaster computer.
And get
ready to battle!
Duel Disk go!
♪
Duel Gazer,
lets roll!
(woman)
Augmented Reality
Vision Link established.
And now, it's time to put
all the Duel Coaster
cars into gear!
The Heart Piece you collected
from your previous duels
will act as the ignition key
for your individual coaster car.
Just place it in
the ignition pad
and you'll be
ready to roll!
♪
Looks like the course runs
right through the city.
Hang on.
What do these little letters
on the map stand for?
Spell and trap markers.
I wonder what'll happen if we
run across them on the track?
♪
No!
It's gone!
I lost my
Heart Piece!
If I can't find it, I'll be
disqualified!
Am I seein' this?
Looks like Yuma's
super upset!
Maybe he wanted
a blue car.
Or the pressure got to him
and he's losing it.
Give me a break, Yuma!
This is no time
to start goofing off!
You know, I think Yuma
may be seriously
upset about something.
Yuma's room is no longer
uninhabitable.
Found this heart
under green furry cheese.
A heart?
Affirmative!
Isn't that Yuma's...
His Heart Piece!
Ahh!
I'll never
find it in time!
It's gone!
Yuma, your sister Kari
holo-commed me.
She said she found your
Heart Piece in your room.
Huh?
She left and she's
on her way over here!
That's great news!
I'll go meet her!
No, wait!
Stay with that
coaster!
♪
You guys know
the drill?
(all)
Yeah!
It's show time, everyone!
The greatest duel of all time
will now get underway!
Begin on my mark!
They're starting!
Hang on,
I wanna call a time out!
(Mr. Heartland)
Ten seconds to go!
Nine... eight...
seven... six...
five... four...
three...
Heart Piece!
two... one!
Go!
♪
Uh-oh, folks!
It looks like Yuma Tsukumo's
coaster car is a no-go!
What's wrong?
Did his coaster
conk out?
Ahh!
I'm stuck!
Kari, you better get that
Heart Piece here fast!
♪
(tires screeching)
Kari!
It's all yours!
Ahh!
Right!
Pass it on!
With pleasure!
♪
Your turn!
Ahh...
It's all
downhill now!
(laughing)
Yuma!
Hang on!
Hey, Tori!
Here!
Thanks!
Ahh...
It's all over!
(Tori)
No it's not!
Tori?
Kari came through!
You're good to go!
♪
It started up!
I'm off!
But what about me?
You're not supposed
to be here.
Well I am, so hit
the brake and let me off!
(yelling)
I guess
you're stuck with me.
I'm glad you're
taggin' along, Tori!
You'll be there in person
when I win it all!
Correction.
When
we win it all!
(Mr. Heartland)
The Duel Carnival finals have
begun with a huge surprise!
Yuma Tsukumo's
coaster got left in the dust,
but now he's back in action
and he has a copilot!
That may be
stretching the rules a bit,
but since I'm running this
competition,
I'm going to make an exception
and allow Yuma's friend
to tag along!
We're pickin' up
a lot of speed!
And I'm feelin'
the flow!
I think you should
slow it down a bit.
Why would I do that?
I've already fallen behind
the other finalists!
I have to
catch up with 'em!
But when I do, I'm not sure
how the rules work.
I have no idea when
I can challenge an opponent
or where we're supposed to
have our duel.
Yuma, look up ahead!
There is
a duel in progress
and the opponents
are battling
while in
the same lane!
What's the deal with
this clown?
I better teach him a lesson
for tryin' to take me down!
I draw!
I summon Heroic Challenger,
Spartan!
♪
So, this guy thinks he can blow
me away with Battlestorm.
Well, that's
not gonna happen!
I play the spell card
Riryoku!
With this I can take away
half of Battlestorm's
attack points
and then
give them to my Spartan!
(laughing)
Now my, Spartan, attack!
Straight Javelin!
That's no way to
treat the law!
Ahh!
(laughing)
Get me down from here!
That was scary...
(all)
Ohh...
It would appear the price
of losing in these finals
is rather extreme.
Yeah.
These finals
just got started
and I already downed
my first duelist!
I see.
You can challenge
an opponent to a duel
if you share the same
track.
Right.
And if I spot a duelist
on a different track,
then I'll change
tracks and take 'em on!
(growling)
Jawsman, attack!
Shark Stream!
(growling)
Dasvidaniya!
Whoa!
Shark isn't
messin' around!
I wonder what's
keeping Yuma.
So, Shark's on
the hunt, huh?
Well, so am I!
I'll crush you,
Quattro!
You're not gonna
escape from me...
not without a fight!
I've got other fish to fry
before you, Shark.
It's time to mix it up
with Gimmick Puppet Egg Head!
Attack him directly!
Go!
♪
Mama mia!
(laughing)
Too bad
he had a chute!
My brother...
Always eager to
strike first.
At this rate,
he'll be taking a parachute ride
just like all the other
losers today.
Instead of attacking,
he should take time to
learn some things.
That might save his
skin down the road.
♪
Achtung,
I will duel you!
Pulverize that guy,
Vylon Disigma!
Attack him directly!
What is he
up to?
Challenging
me was a mistake
and it's going to burn you
in the end!
Now, I activate
the trap card Infernal Sun!
I can use it when a monster
that has 2,000
or more attack points
strikes at me directly.
The trap deals you 800 points
of damage
for every card
in your hand!
Oh nein!
(yelling)
Just as I thought.
There is
a spell marker here.
The card that was facedown is
Dian Keto, the Cure Master.
Its effect
will make me stronger,
increasing my life points
by 1,000.
Very clever, Quinton.
Quattro and Shark are eager to
win right away,
but Quinton
uses his brains,
just like me.
And now it's time to see how
clever Yuma Tsukumo is.
This is a dueltopia!
We gotta get in
on the action, Tori!
I predict you will soon
see plenty of action.
Right over there.
Huh?
♪
Why'd they
let me pass by?
It was thoughtful of him
to leave late.
We didn't have to lure him away
from the other duelists before
we pounce.
Demolishing that kid
should be a piece of cake!
And the cash we get will be
the icing!
It's perfect!
Those mercenaries
won't let up on Yuma.
He'll be pushed to the limit
and then I'll be able to find
out how good he really is!
Okay, it's time
to make our move.
Fang Formation!
Let's go!
♪
Huh?
They're moving up!
What're they up to?
They are staging
a joint attack.
It appears
you have been ambushed!
They have sandwiched your car
so you cannot escape to
another lane.
(yelling)
Hey, these aren't
bumper cars!
I won't play your game!
(laughing)
(screaming)
What is that
"T" mark up ahead?
(Yuma)
It's a trap card!
(yelling)
That was the trap
Secret Barrel.
For each card in
your hand and on your field,
you take 200 points
of damage.
Thanks for tellin' me
somethin' I already know!
This is just wonderful!
I have to duel three lowlifes
and avoid trippin' traps!
♪
He blundered right into
that trap
and now he's weaker.
I wonder how this clown
made it into the finals
in the first place!
It should be a cinch to take
care of business quickly
and get the money
we were promised.
You can't run, kid.
We're all going to
duel you!
At once?
Form up!
Assault Formation!
Let's go!
Three on one?
Yes, you'll face a whole
trio of monsters
led by Magnet Eagle Delta!
And my Magnet Saucer
will be his wingman!
With another Magnet Saucer to
complete the threesome!
♪
We've got a whole
air force against us!
And we're
sitting ducks down here!
You are badly
outnumbered, Yuma.
You must fight wisely,
or else your first battle in the
World Duel Carnival finals
will be your last!
(laughing)
This should be
entertaining.
Now we'll see if
Yuma has what it takes
to beat a triple threat!
(laughing)